docs: fixes to Medusa Cloud sections (#10270)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/resources/app/deployment/page.mdx

### Medusa Cloud

> Medusa Cloud is an infrastructure managed by Medusa to host your Medusa application, Admin, databases, and more. It's an optimized and security-compliant infrastructure pre-configured for optimal Medusa support with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa Cloud is our managed services offering for Medusa applications. Medusa Cloud hosts your server, Admin dashboard, database, and Redis instance. The infrastructure is security-compliant and optimized for Medusa and supports:
```
